Create ux-designer.mdx (#1705)
questdb/questdb.io: src/pages/careers/ux-designer.mdx

- Define, design, and implement user experience for QuestDB’s open source database, QuestDB Cloud and the website.
- Gather feedback and interact over a multitude of channels with our community of contributors, users, and customers. 
- Create storyboards, mockups, prototypes, and flows to convey QuestDB use cases and product features.
- Closely collaborate with the engineering and go-to-market teams to continuously improve the user experience. 
- Come up with usability tests, surveys, interviews, to interpret and leverage user research findings to improve the product.

## Requirements

- Track record of designing and building experience for B2B SaaS apps
- Hands-on experience building use cases, mockups, prototypes, workflows, for implementations and new product features. 
- Practical know-how designing and implementing user interviews, questionnaires, and surveys. 
- A strong opinion about UX best practices.
- Experience working with Figma
- Strong communication skills - we interact mostly over GitHub, Slack and Zoom. 
- Proficiency in levegering translating user feedback into product design and proactively interacting with engineers.  

> - Web development skills is a must (ReactJS, GatsbyJS, Docusaur, HTML5, CSS3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Web development skills are a must (ReactJS, HTML, CSS, JS/TS)
```
